it's Michael Manning Don back here from
american autowire and today we're going
to talk about one of our new products
which is courtesy light delay module
courtesy light delay module is part of a
series of module blocks that we are
developing that can be put together to
add extra accessories to your car so
what we're going to show you right here
is a typical rear body harness for any
car this one happens to be for a Camaro
but we want to show you how the dim down
harness will work and it's installed in
that kind of car what you have right
here is a typical under dash courtesy
light and two door jamb switches we're
going to take this one out of the
picture right now because we want to be
extra clear so you see what's going on
as you got on you as you got in your car
typically you would compress this with
your door and the lights your courtesy
lights would be out as you open the door
your courtesy lights would come on this
is the typical operation it's a standard
operation what we're going to do is
install this module which is going to
change this courtesy light function to
delay the time that the lights go out
for a period of time that can be set by
the module this is the kit the way it
comes you'll see that there are it's
enough wire their form wire hook ups
with the kit the color codes on the
wires are the same is that you would
normally see in any of our kits in any
of our DM bonuses the module itself has
a timer that's adjustable from 1 to 60
seconds and that determines the amount
of delay that the lights will stay on
and the installation is pretty simple
what you're going to do and for the
installation I've developed a few little
jumpers but you're going to tie into the
into the ground circuit and the power
circuit for the courtesy lights it needs
it's the module needs its own ground and
it needs an ignition switch League and
the reason for that is that as you go in
the car when you if you can let those go
Don when you know if you open the door
when you close the door again
this in this typical application the
lights go out with the module it's going
to be delayed by the amount of time you
set unless you turn the ignition switch
on right away and what the ignition
switch does is is cut set to zero and
the lights go out automatically what
you're going to do is tie in the orange
I'm going to add this jumper because it
gives me the ability to tie orange and
weight to the module which is power and
the courtesy light ground now what I'm
doing is I just developed a little set
of jumpers you can splice these in any
way you want but it's just easy for the
sake of demonstration because it works
pretty quickly here but that's what
you're going to do is tie into those so
we've tied into the courtesy light power
and the courtesy light ground we need to
tie in the ground so what I'm going to
do is I took the ground lead that's all
for the switch itself and I can sort of
tie into that and now i have three leads
that are available for me to tie into
the module so i can hook up my ground
now i'm going to do is I'm just going to
put these together kit comes with butt
connectors for you to do that which you
can pretty easily do I won't connect
them I'll just twist them for the sake
here but I don't suggest you do that I
would suggest you solder them or use the
blood connectors but this for the sake
of demonstration the white wire which is
courtesy ground which goes into your
courtesy light lead that we just made
that jumper for you have power which
goes to the power lead and you have an
ignition lead which we have an ignition
switch here we're going to tie into any
any circuit on the ignition it could be
any place in the ignition circuit but
you need to get ignition coward and
that's because the module needs to sense
that the ignition switch has been turned
on okay so where we're at right now is
we we set the module
at eight second delay so right now Don's
going to open the switch is if you open
the door now close the switch like you
got back in the car what will happen now
is that this will delay for the amount
of time that's on the timer in this case
eight seconds and you know it's going to
be you can see the lights will go out
now we're an LED lights in this you can
run it with regular incandescent bulbs
will also work with LED lights another
feature is you get out of the car come
back in the car so that you close the
switch and now you go to start the
ignition switch soon as you turn it to
start a run it shuts the lights out do
the one thing about these modules is
that you'll see that they come with this
little wedge here they come with their
own mounting bracket and this wedge this
is part of a series of modules that we
have and there's a few other etc
involved this one happens to be a
headlight delay module but what this
enables you to do is if you pick a
location in the car that you want to
mount these you don't necessarily have
to mount each one with its own mounting
bracket the way that the edges are on
these blocks they snap together on all
sides so you could have one mounting
bracket and that could sit here it could
sit this way it could sit on any side
and what that red locking wedge does is
as you snap them together from
underneath you put the wedge in and that
holds them all together so you can build
the black a bank and any shape you want
of all the accessories that we
eventually going to add to this line
right now there are the dim down module
is the headlight on and off with a
momentary trigger and there's a wiper
control module which we will do
installations on in other
videos to come so that's pretty much it
for the for the courtesy light them down
module hit the button done close the
door first club I'm waiting for over
waiting for the delay waiting for it to
go off okay that goes now we're died
you